README.md, before:

# Neighborly
<img width="2936" height="4144" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-02 at 16-13-11 Incidents · Phoenix Framework" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/977715f8-bf80-4932-8149-a523523d3695" />
<img width="2936" height="2748" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-02 at 16-27-06 Listing Incidents · Phoenix Framework" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c35bdc69-aaee-473a-ac0b-9fbde0163125" />
<img width="2936" height="1572" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-02 at 16-27-19 Listing Categories · Phoenix Framework" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ac676b6-40ab-4557-ad58-0ead6b6dd6c7" />

## 🚀 Project Overview
Neighborly is a community-driven platform that enables neighbors to connect, share resources, and collaborate in real time. Built for performance, scalability, and developer happiness, it leverages the power of Elixir and Phoenix LiveView for seamless, interactive user experiences.

---

## ✨ Features
- ⚡ **Real-time updates** with Phoenix LiveView
- 🔒 **Secure authentication** and user management
- 🏘️ **Community boards** for posts, events, and discussions
- 📬 **Direct messaging** between users
- 📱 **Responsive UI** with Tailwind CSS
---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Elixir** & **Phoenix** (LiveView)
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **PostgreSQL**
- **Docker** (optional for deployment)

---

## 🚦 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Elixir & Erlang installed ([Install Guide](https://elixir-lang.org/install.html))
- PostgreSQL running locally

### Setup
```bash
# Clone the repo
$ git clone https://github.com/MmmarRTha/neighborly.git
$ cd neighborly

# Install dependencies
$ mix deps.get

# Setup database
$ mix ecto.setup

# Start the server
$ mix phx.server
```
Visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) to view the app.

---

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

---

## 📫 Contact
Created by [MmmarRTha](https://github.com/MmmarRTha) — feel free to connect!

---

Commit message:

- update: main - add note to readme

README.md, after:

# Neighborly
<img width="2936" height="4144" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-02 at 16-13-11 Incidents · Phoenix Framework" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/977715f8-bf80-4932-8149-a523523d3695" />
<img width="2936" height="2748" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-02 at 16-27-06 Listing Incidents · Phoenix Framework" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c35bdc69-aaee-473a-ac0b-9fbde0163125" />
<img width="2936" height="1572" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-02 at 16-27-19 Listing Categories · Phoenix Framework" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ac676b6-40ab-4557-ad58-0ead6b6dd6c7" />

## 🚀 Project Overview
Neighborly is a community-driven platform that enables neighbors to connect, share resources, and collaborate in real time. Built for performance, scalability, and developer happiness, it leverages the power of Elixir and Phoenix LiveView for seamless, interactive user experiences.

> **Note:** This project was created as a hands-on learning experience to deepen my understanding of Elixir and Phoenix LiveView. I built it by following the [Pragmatic Studio Phoenix course](https://pragmaticstudio.com/phoenix), learning by doing and implementing the concepts as I went.

---

## ✨ Features
- ⚡ **Real-time updates** with Phoenix LiveView
- 🔒 **Secure authentication** and user management
- 🏘️ **Community boards** for posts, events, and discussions
- 📬 **Direct messaging** between users
- 📱 **Responsive UI** with Tailwind CSS
---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack
- **Elixir** & **Phoenix** (LiveView)
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **PostgreSQL**
- **Docker** (optional for deployment)

---

## 🚦 Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Elixir & Erlang installed ([Install Guide](https://elixir-lang.org/install.html))
- PostgreSQL running locally

### Setup
```bash
# Clone the repo
$ git clone https://github.com/MmmarRTha/neighborly.git
$ cd neighborly

# Install dependencies
$ mix deps.get

# Setup database
$ mix ecto.setup

# Start the server
$ mix phx.server
```
Visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) to view the app.

---

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.

---

## 📫 Contact
Created by [MmmarRTha](https://github.com/MmmarRTha) — feel free to connect!

---
